Replace `page-version` with `current` in links (#260)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/java-embedded/setup.adoc

====
The examples are only valid for Neo4j Community Edition.
To add Neo4j Enterprise Edition as a dependency, please get in contact with link:https://neo4j.com/contact-us/[Neo4j Professional Services^].

> See link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/introduction[Operations Manual -> Introduction] for details about the Community and Enterprise Editions.

Author: ```suggestion
See link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/introduction[Operations Manual -> Introduction] for details about the Community and Enterprise Editions.
```

If you are using the Enterprise Edition of Neo4j in embedded mode, you have to create your database with the link:{com-neo4j-dbms-api-EnterpriseDatabaseManagementServiceBuilder}[`com.neo4j.dbms.api.EnterpriseDatabaseManagementServiceBuilder`^] to enable the Enterprise Edition features.
If you intend to operate embedded clusters, you need to provide the appropriate configuration to the instances you create (for example ports and discovery endpoints).

> For maintainability purposes, you can define your embedded DBMS configuration in the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/neo4j-conf[_neo4j.conf_] file as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
For maintainability purposes, you can define your embedded DBMS configuration in the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/configuration/neo4j-conf[_neo4j.conf_] file as follows:
```
